Rafael Nadal in Spain squad for Davis Cup quarterfinals alongside Carlos Alcaraz

Rafael Nadal will be part of the Spain squad for the Davis Cup finals alongside Carlos Alcaraz, the Royal Spanish Tennis Federation announced on Monday, September 23. Nadal last competed in the Paris Olympics 2024.

In Short
Nadal is ina strong lineup with Alcaraz, Bautista Agut, Busta, and Granollers
Nadal had withdrawn from US Open and Laver Cup due to fitness issues
The Davis Cup quarter-finals will be held from November 19 to 21
Rafael Nadal has been named in Spain’s squad for the Davis Cup quarterfinals in November. The 38-year-old former world number one joins a strong lineup that includes world number three Carlos Alcaraz, along with Roberto Bautista Agut, Pablo Carreno Busta, and Marcel Granollers.

Nadal has not competed since the Paris 2024 Olympics, where he lost to Novak Djokovic in singles and was eliminated in the doubles quarter-finals alongside Alcaraz. He withdrew from both the US Open in August and the Laver Cup last weekend due to fitness issues.

"Rafael Nadal will join Carlos Alcaraz, Roberto Bautista, Pablo Carreño and Marcel Granollers in the Spanish MAPFRE Tennis Team that will play the 2024 Davis Cup Final 8 in Malaga, from November 19 to 24, as confirmed this Monday by captain David Ferrer in a press conference."

Spain, six-time Davis Cup champions with their latest triumph in 2019, will face the Netherlands in the quarter-finals starting on November 19. Nadal had missed the US Open, citing his inability to give "100%," and also withdrew from the Laver Cup in September, stating other players could contribute more to the team’s success.

The injury-plagued year saw Nadal skip both the Australian Open and Wimbledon to focus on the Olympics. Although he hinted at retirement earlier this year, he was still uncertain if his last French Open appearance would mark the end of his career.

The Davis Cup quarter-finals will be held from November 19 to 21, followed by the semi-finals and the final on November 24. Italy, led by world number one Jannik Sinner, will be defending their title and aiming to become the first team to retain the trophy since 2013.