Pakistan Cricket Board should learn professionalism from BCCI: Kamran Akmal

Kamran Akmal said that the Pakistan cricket board should learn professional from the BCCI. He also said that Pakistan Cricket's ego is leading to their downfall.

In Short
Kamran Akmal wants PCB to learn professionalism from the BCCI
He hails the contribution by Ashwin and Jadeja to India's win vs Bangladesh
India wins the 1st Test match by 280 runs against Bangladesh
Former Pakistan wicketkeeper-batter Kamran Akmal has expressed concerns over the national team's recent struggles, attributing the issues to the Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) ego. Akmal, now retired, believes that for Pakistan cricket to rise again, the PCB must adopt a more professional approach, taking cues from the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). Pakistan team has endured a difficult year on the field, starting with a disappointing 4-1 T20I series loss in New Zealand. The Men in Green then managed only a draw in a five-match T20I series at home against a second-string New Zealand side.

Their fortunes worsened with a group-stage exit in the T20 World Cup 2024, followed by a humiliating 2-0 Test series defeat to Bangladesh on home soil. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Akmal pointed out the contrast in approaches between the PCB and the BCCI, highlighting India's systematic and professional handling of cricket matters. The Pakistan Cricket Board has come under the scanner quite often and there have been allegations of biasness towards particular players.

"Pakistan cricket suffering due to ego"
"PCB should learn from BCCI, their professionalism, their team, selector, captain, and coaches. These are the things that make a team number one and dominate the world. If we were so good, then Pakistan cricket wouldn't be here. It is because of your ego Pakistan cricket is suffering," Akmal said.

Certain loopholes have been pointed out in the way the Board handles the cricketing operations in the country. In contrast, India's dominance in world cricket has continued. India recently started their home season in style, defeating Bangladesh by 280 runs in the opening Test in Chennai. The Indian side also holds the top spot in the World Test Championship (WTC) standings, which further emphasised their consistency at the highest level.

Akmal reacts to India's win vs Bangladesh
Akmal also hailed the star duo of Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja, who contributed to India's win in the 1st Test against Bangladesh.

"What an all-round performance from Ashwin. He took six wickets in the second innings and scored a century. It was a match-winning partnership with Jaddu. Without these two players, India couldn't form a Test playing XI at home."